In this HELP file we assume that the solve service method is used and 
that we are solving problems locally, that is the solver is on the 
machine running this OSSolverService.  See Section 10.3 of the User's 
Manual for other service methods or calling a server remotely. 
The OSSolverService takes the parameters listed below. 
The order of the parameters is irrelevant.  Not all the parameters 
are required.  However, the location of an instance file is 
required when using the solve service method. The location of the
instance file is specified using the osil option.

-osil xxx.osil this is the name of the file that contains the 
optimization instance in OSiL format.  This option may be 
specified in the OSoL solver options file.

-osol xxx.osol  this is the name of the file that contains the solver options.  
It is not necessary to specify this option.

-osrl xxx.osrl  this is the name of the file to which the solver solution is written.  
It is not necessary to specify this option. If this option is not specified, 
the result will be printed to standard out.

-serviceLocation url is the URL of the solver service. 
This is not required, and if not specified it is assumed that 
the problem is solved locally.

-serviceMethod  methodName this is the method on the solver service to be invoked. 
The options are  solve,  send,  kill,  knock,  getJobID, and t retrieve.  
This option is not required, and the default value is  solve.

-mps  xxx.mps  this is the name of the mps file if the problem instance 
is in mps format. The default file format is OSiL so this option is not required.

-nl  xxx.nl  this is the name of the AMPL nl file if the problem 
instance is in AMPL nl  format. The default file format is OSiL 
so this option is not required.

-solver  solverName  Possible values for default OS installation 
are  clp (COIN-OR Clp), cbc (COIN-OR Cbc), dylp (COIN-OR DyLP), 
and symphony (COIN-OR SYMPHONY). Other solvers supported 
(if the necessary libraries are present) are cplex (Cplex through COIN-OR Osi),  
glpk (glpk through COIN-OR Osi), ipopt (COIN-OR Ipopt),  
knitro (Knitro), and lindo (LINDO). If no value is specified for this 
parameter, then cbc is the default value of this parameter.

-browser  browserName this paramater is a path to the browser on the 
local machine. If this optional parameter is specified then the 
solver result in OSrL format is transformed using XSLT into 
HTML and displayed in the browser.

-config pathToConfigureFile this parameter specifies a path on 
the local machine to a text file containing values for the input parameters. 
This is convenient for the user not wishing to constantly retype parameter values. 
This configure file can contain values for all of the other parameters.

--version or -v get the current version of this executable 

--help or -h  to get this help file

Note: If you specify a configure file by using the -config option, you can 
override the values of the options in the configure file by putting them in 
at the command line